All right.
Let's get going here now the first thing we want to do is change this hello to.
Well the biggest startup event of the year.
Very dramatic.
I know.
So let's do that.
I'm just going to say the biggest startup event of the year.
That's right.
OK.
Let's save.
So I'm doing command s or if you're on Windows control s and then refresh command are or if you're on
Windows control are all right.
There we go.
That's great.
We also seem to have a button that says find out more.
So let's do that as well.
We'll say button.
Find out more.
There we go.
If I refresh here.
There you go.
Our startup landing page is well frankly still looking fairly ugly now.
The next thing we want to do is we want to have this background image but before we get to that I want
to talk a little bit about how we can set up our HMO page so that we have good responsive design.
So right now nothing much is going on.
You can see here that I can adjust the screen size but we don't have much happening on our page so if
we go back to the bootstrap documentation in the quick start guide if I scroll all the way to the bottom
you see that I get a starter template here and you might notice here something that we haven't seen
before which is this part over here called a required med attack and you can see here that this is actually
something that we can copy and paste and place right below our title here.
Just like that.
Now let's make this a little bit bigger so we can see and I'll make the writing smaller just so you
can see over here exactly what's happening.
So this meta tag allows us to add new information to our EMR page and there's different things that
we can provide.
Now in most Web sites you'll actually see these two lines very often as a matter of fact it's recommended
that you always add.
Now what exactly do they do well if we scroll down here you'll see that we have the responsive Medtech
essentially.
This line here which says viewport allows us to create web pages that are developed mobile first.
That is we let the page know or the browser know that this page should work on mobile devices and things
like scrolling or touching or zooming on a mobile device is going to work with this that.
Now this is something I'm going to leave for you to learn more about and it's something we'll talk about
later in the course but these med attacks are just useful things to add to our projects anytime we create
a new page.
And then finally this top med attack uses UTF 8 encoding essentially it's saying hey we're going to
use this form of encoding to write text on our pages again something that if you're curious you can
read up on your own but now that we've set this up so that it's good for mobile as well.
Let's try to include this background image into our page now when it comes to background images on a
Web site that's a very common thing you'll see a lot of people adding background images to a Web site
or maybe patterns or some sort of colors and when a common problem happens I always like well Googling
and one of the first things that you'll encounter is this perfect full page background image by CSL
Citrix which we've seen before.
Now if you scroll all the way down it tells us a way for us to make sure that we use the image in a
full page background so that it stretches it flexes as the view port changes now over here.
It actually gives us a copy and paste way that we can use it ourselves.
So I'm going to just copy this go to my style page and just add this to our CSX now you'll see over
here that we're using background over here with the your well.
So we want to adjust it to header dodge a peg because that's the U.R.L. of the header and the key here
is these lines saying hey we don't want to repeat the image we want you to keep it centered and we want
you to keep it fixed.
And by using this line it stretches or at least it fills the entire page with our image and as long
as we have background size as cover.
Well let's see what happens.
I'm going to refresh Hey and look at that.
Now I have this image
adapts to our page but the cool part is if I open the developer tools here let's say view developer
tools you'll notice that the image actually bumps up so that the center of the image wall is always
centered.
How cool is that.
So this is a very useful trick to have your background very flexible.
All right.
So we have our background unfortunately our writing right now is hard to see the button still kind of
ugly.
So let's fix a few things in our Asian male page.
Now remember we have bootstrapped so we can start using some bootstrap classes.
Now one thing that I want to do is with this H1 tat I want to maybe use a strong element to emphasize
the header.
So make sure we close this and I'm gonna make this bigger just so you can see.
And if I refresh all right that's emphasized a little bit more.
We also want to make sure that this h1 tag we can actually see so we can go into our style and just
create a new H1 style that will have a let's say a font size
of let's say three.
Ah yeah.
And then we'll give it a color of what should we do here.
Well one thing that I always like to do when I'm trying to figure out what color I want is to go to
a page let's say like the startup over here open up the developer tools
make sure this is a little bit bigger so we can see and then find somewhere on the page where you have
this color palette if I actually click on this and I'm on Chrome look at that it opens up a little color
palette for us so I can actually move around things and grab the hacks of the color that I want in our
case I want the color to be well let's find out how can I copy the color of this page.
I can just click on select an element.
This little icon here.
And then if I hover over this look at that.
It shows me exactly what color this element has.
You can see over here that this is the hex color.
So I'm just going to copy that come back and paste it in.
Now if I save both of these files and refresh that's much better.
I like that a lot.
All right.
We're making progress with our page.
It's getting closer but we still have a lot to do.
So let's take a break and I'll see you in the next video.